



                           React
                         ---------

        1. Create the application : npx create-react-app  myapp
        2. cd myapp
        3. code .
        4. Run the application : npm start
        5. clean the code                   

        COMPONENTS  (basic building blocks of react)
        ----------
           -> React app starts with a single root component
           -> Root component is buold using one or more component
           -> Each component can be nested with other component to any level
        JSX
        ---
                JSX stands for JavaScript XML.
                JSX provides you to write HTML/XML then preprocessor will transform these expressions into actual JavaScript code.
                Every JSX is converted to the React.createElement function call that the browser understands
        VDOM
        ----
                It is like a lightweight copy of the actual DOM(a virtual representation of the DOM). 
                It does not have the power to directly change the layout of the document
                The virtual DOM gets updated first instead of the real DOM.
                When anything new is added to the application, a virtual DOM is created and it is represented as a tree.
                Whenever there is a change in the state of any element, a new Virtual DOM tree is created.
                New Virtual DOM tree is then compared with the previous Virtual DOM tree and make a note of the changes
                After this, it finds the best possible ways to make these changes to the real DOM.
                Now only the updated elements will get rendered on the page again.
                This process of comparing the current Virtual DOM tree with the previous one is known as ‘diffing’. 
                The entire process of transforming changes to the real DOM is called Reconciliation
        Hooks
        -----
                Hooks were introduced in React 16.8 .
                It is use React’s features-like managing your component’s state and or performing an after effect when certain changes occur in state(s) without writing a class.

        state
        -----
                State represents the value of a dynamic properties of a React component at a given instance.
                The React useState Hook allows us to track state in a function component.
                State generally refers to data or properties that need to be tracking in an application
                useState accepts an initial state and returns two values:

                The current state.
                A function that updates the state.
        Props
        ----- 
                Props (short for properties) are a Component's configuration.
                A Component cannot change its props, but it is responsible for putting together the props of its child Components.
                Props do not have to just be data -- callback functions may be passed in as props.

        React Bootstrap Installation
        ----------------------------
        Material UI Installation
        ------------------------        
